`DOMString` -> `string` (#15936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediastream/index.md

- {{domxref("MediaStream.active")}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : A Boolean value that returns `true` if the `MediaStream` is active, or `false` otherwise.
- {{domxref("MediaStream.id")}} {{readonlyInline}}

>   - : A string containing 36 characters denoting a universally unique identifier ({{Glossary("UUID")}}) for the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string containing a 36-character universally unique identifier ({{Glossary("UUID")}}) for the object.
```
